docs/source/installation.rst, before:

.. |Discord| replace:: https://discord.gg/HSZ9fABeUS

Installation
------------

After buying...

1. Download the plugin by clicking on the Download button on the top right portion of the page.

  .. image:: assets/installation/downloading.png
    :width: 540
    :alt: Downloading

2. Find your Spigot (or Spigot fork) plugins folder. ("plugins" folder in the main folder of your server) and put the downloaded .jar file in there.

  .. image:: assets/installation/uploadingTheJarfile.png
    :width: 405
    :alt: Upload the jarfile (or move it in)

3. Reboot your server if running already or start your server.

  .. image:: assets/installation/rebootTheServer.png
    :width: 270
    :alt: Reboot or start the server.

4. Configure the plugin
  1. Open the /plugins/KnockioFFA/ folder and go through the files. Documentation on the files can be found at the :doc:`configuration` page.
  2. Run "knc reload" in the console or "/knc reload" in the chat when logged in as an opped player.
    - If you have any problems, restart the server, if the issue persists, make a ticket on the Discord server. (|Discord|)

5. Done. Enjoy!

Commit message:

image added, and unused removed, extended info
added an image, removed unused image and extended info a little

docs/source/installation.rst, after:

.. |Discord| replace:: https://discord.gg/HSZ9fABeUS

Installation
------------

After buying...

1. Download the plugin by clicking on the Download button on the top right portion of the page.

  .. image:: assets/installation/downloading.png
    :width: 540
    :alt: Downloading

2. Find your Spigot (or Spigot fork) plugins folder. ("plugins" folder in the main folder of your server) and put the downloaded .jar file in there.

  .. image:: assets/installation/uploadingTheJarfile.png
    :width: 405
    :alt: Upload the jarfile (or move it in)

3. Reboot your server if running already or start your server.

  .. image:: assets/installation/rebootTheServer.png
    :width: 270
    :alt: Reboot or start the server.

4. Configure the plugin
  1. Open the /plugins/KnockioFFA/ folder and go through the files. Documentation on the files can be found at the :doc:`configuration` page.
  2. Restart the server, you can also run "knc reload" in the console or "/knc reload" in the chat when logged in as an opped player for minor changes. The output should be something like this:

    .. image:: assets/reloadingThePlugin.png
      :width: 405
      :alt: Reload the plugin

    - If you have any problems, restart the server, if the issue persists, make a ticket on the Discord server. (|Discord|)

5. Done. Enjoy!
